hello YouTube will be showing you how to
play roms off of your SD card so what
you're gonna need is an SD card you know
maybe a gig and the homebrew channel for
the DS and yeah so this is a tutorial so
go to the homebrew channel on your D s
so yeah this is the homebrew and then
what you saw yes reading nasty card you
slowed it up okay so I put my roms into
the SD card right foot Clubhouse game is
on there just put some roms in there and
put in here you have to load them off
the music channel thing but you homebrew
to do that so go download boom group
with es check out my other video how to
do that alright so it's reading and then
you just press the file you want put
here SD card clubhouse can you click on
that and then homebrew just starts to
load it up and it loads up my game so
yeah that's pretty sick you know please
just find via SD card so because if you
just like um you know take out the SD
card
it'll be like all jacked up so because
if I take it out or you here so like
right there so
yes I took it out and then yeah it
doesn't work anymore see see there's
like not even a game cartridge in here
so there's nothing in there so yeah I
just screwed up with the whole thing and
you can see the pointer here so I took
out the SD card and that's proof that
homebrew exists and you can play your
arms off of it so yeah thanks for
watching my video see